hi I'm Judy bourgeois welcome to
Shankara today I would like to give you
a few our Vedic tips to help with
cellulite detoxification and weight loss
but before I do let me say a few words
about Ayurveda Ayurveda is a natural
system of healing that originated about
5,000 years ago it's based on an
understanding of the laws of nature and
the five elements and it combines these
five elements into three governing
principles called vata pitta and kapha
vatta is a combination of air and space
and is responsible for circulation
movement the nervous system and
elimination in the body Pizza is mostly
fire with just a bit of water and is
responsible for digestion and
elimination and kapha is earth and water
and governed structure tissues and
biological strength so today we'll focus
more on pizza and vata pitta rules
digestion with its fire and in order for
us not to accumulate toxins fat and feel
sluggish you need to have a strong
digestive fire or ogni so it's good to
understand what will support digestion
and also what will completely stop it or
slow it down so the first step is to eat
your largest meal around noon there's
two Pizza cycles in a day the first one
is between 10am and 2pm and that's when
the fire is at its strongest the
digestive fire so it makes a lot of
sense to eat your largest meal at that
time you may even have noticed that when
it comes close to ten o'clock you start
feeling hungry and if you have a lot of
pizza in your Constitution a lot of fire
you may even feel a little irritable if
you don't eat on time so that's pizza
that's the first cycle of pit
the second cycle is between 10pm and 2
a.m. and it's better not to eat during
that second cycle and use that fire to
burn the toxins in the body to detoxify
your body there's a few more videos on
our Vedic tips for cellulite and
detoxification so you can check those
out and you can also visit our website
at wwlp.com thank you so much for
watching